W-14793968 Feature/w 14793968 beta to latest oms (#116)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: salesforce-oms/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/prerequisites.adoc

= Prerequisites for MuleSoft Accelerator for OMS
:salesforce-oms-version: {page-component-version}

Use the following setup guides to configure the systems and products that are needed to implement the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples/mulesoft-accelerator-for-salesforce-oms/minor/{salesforce-oms-version}/pages/B2B%20EDI%20Order%20Lifecycle%20Automation/[B2B EDI Order Lifecycle Automation] use case:

* xref:anypointmq-setup-guide.adoc[Anypoint MQ Setup]
* xref:sfdc-oms-setup-customization-guide.adoc[Salesforce OMS Setup and Customization]
* xref:anypoint-partner-manager-setup-guide.adoc[Anypoint Partner Manager Setup]

> The amount of configuration you'll need to perform depends on which assets you're deploying in your target environment. See the B2B EDI Order Lifecycle Automation use case page in Exchange for a list of downloadable assets. The implementation templates for this use case provide the requirements that are specific to each application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of configuration required depends on which assets you're deploying in your target environment. See the B2B EDI Order Lifecycle Automation use case page in Exchange for a list of downloadable assets. The implementation templates for this use case provide the requirements that are specific to each application.
```

Reviewer: Do you have a link for the referenced B2B EDI Order Lifecycle Automation use case?
